# TV Script Generation

This is my project submission for the Deep Learning Foundation Nanodegree from Udacity.

In this project, I generate your own Simpsons TV scripts using RNNs. I use part of the Simpsons dataset of scripts from 27 seasons. The Neural Network built generate a new TV script for a scene at Moe's Tavern.

You can view my work and the model accuracy directly downloading and opening the html file.

The data on which the model was trained is also available in the repo.

I use floyd to train the model. More on floyd at https://www.floydhub.com. But you can use AWS or other environments with GPUs to train the model.

### The script generated by the model (for fun)! :-)

>moe_szyslak:(into phone) gotcha ya down for forty bucks. good luck your eminence.

>moe_szyslak: sorry, homer, you can't take any more of my money?

>barney_gumble:(nods) yeah!

>moe_szyslak:(dead) yeah, that's you, moe, the" flaming homer?

>moe_szyslak: yeah, but yeah...

>homer_simpson: lisa's mad at this.(sighs) the roof...

>homer_simpson: y'know, moe, i gotta take this place through a firm wire, to go home and finding a place.

>moe_szyslak:(amid men's reactions) yeah, can you know.

>moe_szyslak: what's the conversion, right? i got a hold on.

>carl_carlson: i'd like to lose the time.

>lenny_leonard:(reading) oh, i don't get it...

>moe_szyslak:(to self) someone's lookin' at the hair...

>carl_carlson:(sings) well, that's a little hero.

>carl_carlson:(nods) hello...

>moe_szyslak:(excited) what it says
